# ----------------------------------------------------------------
# CONTACTS API TEST FILE
# ----------------------------------------------------------------

# @host can be changed to your Render URL for production testing.
@host = http://localhost:3000
@contentType = application/json

# This ID is for "Candie Makhaya" from your database.
# It will be used for GET (single), PUT, and DELETE requests.
@contactId = 686afce61bcdf1669646e698


###
# (1) GET ALL CONTACTS
# Retrieves a list of all contacts currently in the database.
GET {{host}}/contacts


###
# (2) GET SINGLE CONTACT BY ID
# Retrieves the contact with the ID specified in the @contactId variable.
# Should return "Candie Makhaya".
GET {{host}}/contacts/{{contactId}}


###
# (3) POST (CREATE) A NEW CONTACT
# Adds a new contact to the database.
# After running this, you can run GET ALL again to see the new entry.
POST {{host}}/contacts
Content-Type: {{contentType}}

{
  "firstName": "Nevanji",
  "lastName": "Nehoreka",
  "email": "nevanjinehoreka@gmail.com",
  "favoriteColor": "Green",
  "birthday": "1991-10-26"
}


###
# (4) PUT (UPDATE) AN EXISTING CONTACT
# Updates the contact specified by @contactId.
# This request will change Candie Makhaya's favorite color to "Blue".
PUT {{host}}/contacts/{{contactId}}
Content-Type: {{contentType}}

{
  "firstName": "Candie",
  "lastName": "Makhaya",
  "email": "candym@gmail.com",
  "favoriteColor": "Blue",
  "birthday": "1999-10-02"
}


###
# (5) DELETE A CONTACT BY ID
# Deletes the contact specified by @contactId.
# Running this will remove "Candie Makhaya" from the database.
DELETE {{host}}/contacts/{{contactId}}